DEVX-2519: Add link to ccloud-observability from other places (#954)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud-observability/docs/ccloud-observability-tip.rst

> .. seealso:: For an example that showcases client and Confluent Cloud metrics to monitor with various scenarios, see the :ref:`Observability for Apache Kafka® Clients to Confluent Cloud demo <ccloud-observability-index>`.

Reviewer: @awalther28 feel free to wordsmith further.

```suggestion
.. seealso:: For an example that showcases how to monitor |ak-tm| client application and |ccloud| metrics, and steps through various failure scenarios to see how they are reflected in the provided metrics, see the :ref:`Observability for Apache Kafka® Clients to Confluent Cloud demo <ccloud-observability-index>`.
```
